GPM-546 Tidy up and reduce duplication in the addon templates (#43)
uktrade/copilot-tools: templates/instructions.txt

copilot svc init --name {{ service.name }}
{%- endfor %}

> # 3. Add the WAF ACL ARN for your web facing service

Author: This line was already there. I think the edit is probably valid.

> # 3. Add the WAF ACL ARN for your web facing service

Author: I believe the web access firewall would go in front of a web facing service, not a whole environment.

@lgarvey We could just correct the `ACL` part here and leave the rest alone if that's preferable to you?

> # 3. Add the WAF ACL ARN for your web facing service

Reviewer: WAF ACLs are applied per env, not per service. 

Copilot provisions a single ALB per each env

> # 3. Add the WAF ACL ARN for your web facing service

Author: ```suggestion
# 3. Add the WAF ACL ARN for each environment
```

copilot svc init --name {{ service.name }}
{%- endfor %}

> # 3. Add the WAF AC ARN for your web facing service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# 3. Add the WAF ACL ARN for your web facing service
```

> Edit the waf.yml file in `copilot/web/addons/waf.yml' and replace "replace-with-waf-acl-arn" with the WAF ACL ARN, for each environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Edit `copilot/web/addons/waf.yml' and replace "replace-with-waf-acl-arn" with the WAF ACL ARN, for each environment.
```

Reviewer: These comments are no longer relevant and can be removed.  But I thought the instructions file was ditched and replaced with a link to the docs?  If that's the case, then maybe the whole file can be removed?

Reviewer 2: @lgarvey We left the instructions template as is and removed it from the `storage` command. It was left in for this command: `copilot-helper.py bootstrap instructions bootstrap.yml`. It should be updated at some point to pull in from the doc GitHub repo, so all the steps can be viewed in the CLI.

Author: I have removed the stuff about the web access firewall from this file. Will merge once checks pass.

If this file needs moving, we should. have a ticket for that.

> Edit the waf.yml file in `copilot/web/addons/waf.yml' and replace "replace-with-waf-acl-arn" with the WAF ACL ARN, for each environment.

Reviewer: Yeh that's wrong.  Wait until I have raised the PR with the new WAF functionality.

> Edit the waf.yml file in `copilot/web/addons/waf.yml' and replace "replace-with-waf-acl-arn" with the WAF ACL ARN, for each environment.

Author: Revert...
```suggestion
Edit the waf.yml file in `copilot/environments/addons/waf.yml' and replace "replace-with-waf-acl-arn" with the WAF ACL ARN, for each environment.
```
